Go and save Lao Qi
I'll go with you.
The food was unusual.
I'm afraid I won't have time to take care of you then.
You just stay here.
I'll be right back
OK
Then you pay attention to safety
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you be in the study?
What? I didn't get burned.
I let you down.
What do you want?
What do I want to do?
Now they're all putting out fires.
No one is paying attention here
What do you say I want to do?
Of course it will kill you
What's the matter?
I know I can't live
You can only accompany me to die here, right?
For today
I've given everything
I only wanted to kill you
Then ask Brother Hao to rebuild the old river
It's a pity that I know Brother Hao won't look at me again
Then it's pointless for me to live
It's just cheaper.
You can still die with me
Yuanqingli
You can't get what I can't get.